docs/manual/1-Definitions.md, before:

# Definitions

- _Elevated_: In Windows, this means IceShell have been ran as an Administrator; in any *nix system, this means the IceShell have been ran as `root`.
- _Executable_: An executable file. Generally is `EXE` file (PE-format) in Windows and ELF-format in any Linux.
- _External command_: A external program that uses command line as its interface. These programs can be used within IceShell just like Internal Commands, hence they are external commands.
- _Internal command_: Commands that are either bundled with IceShell or added to IceShell directly via a module.

---

Copyright (C) 2023 IceShell contributors.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

A copy of the license is included in the file named "LICENSE-DOCS", in the `docs/manual` directory of the project repository.

Commit message:

✨ (command) Add WriteUnauthorized error code

docs/manual/1-Definitions.md, after:

# Definitions

- _Elevated_: In Windows, this means IceShell have been ran as an Administrator; in any *nix system, this means the IceShell have been ran as `root`.
- _Executable_: An executable file. Generally is `EXE` file (PE-format) in Windows and ELF-format in any Linux.
- _External command_: A external program that uses command line as its interface. These programs can be used within IceShell just like Internal Commands, hence they are external commands.
- _Internal command_: Commands that are either bundled with IceShell or added to IceShell directly via a module.

## Command Example

- Arguments marked by a pair of angle brackets (for example, `<argument>`) are _required_.
- Arguments marked by a pair of box brackets (for example, `[argument]`) are _optional_.
- Arguments not marked by any brackets are literals.

---

Copyright (C) 2023 IceShell contributors.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

A copy of the license is included in the file named "LICENSE-DOCS", in the `docs/manual` directory of the project repository.
